readme.md, before:

# Dataset of Urban Transport Times

<img src="./meta/cover-fastest-transport-Amsterdam-7.5min.png" alt="cover-fastest-transport-Amsterdam-7.5min" style="width: 100%;" />

This file is not done yet ...

## Online Platform

Go to the most recent version using this link: https://idegeus.github.io/UrbanTransportTimes/.

## Datasets: description

| Path                         | Description                                                  |
| ---------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------ |
| graphs/heatmaps              | Heatmaps of individual modes per city (duration of route to center point) |
| graphs/fastest-transport     | Fastest transport mode to the center per cell (for both rush-hour and midday) |
| csv/above-eucl-distance.csv  | The weighted average of the route distance minus the euclidean distance ("as the crow flies") |
| csv/pop-reached-30-min.csv   | Population percentage reached within 30 minute per transport mode |
| csv/rel-pop-fastest-mode.csv | Population percentage for who a specific mode is the fastest choice to che center. |
| shapefiles/complete-dataset  | Both GeoPackage and ESRI-Shapefile bundles with the complete route details per cell as aggregated from the collected routes |
| shapefiles/th-distance-stats | Complete dataset aggregated to show population weighted route averages when radiating out of the city center. |

Commit message:

chore(): added release to readme.md

readme.md, after:

# Dataset of Urban Transport Times

<img src="./meta/cover-fastest-transport-Amsterdam-7.5min.png" alt="cover-fastest-transport-Amsterdam-7.5min" style="width: 100%;" />

This file is still a work-in-progress! 

## Online Platform

Go to the most recent online version here: https://idegeus.github.io/UrbanTransportTimes/.

## Datasets: description

Just want to get the shapefiles? Download from [the latest release](https://github.com/idegeus/UrbanTransportTimes/releases/latest). 

#### Graphs and aggregated files:

| Path                         | Description                                                  |
| ---------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------ |
| graphs/heatmaps              | Heatmaps of individual modes per city (duration of route to center point) |
| graphs/fastest-transport     | Fastest transport mode to the center per cell (for both rush-hour and midday) |
| csv/above-eucl-distance.csv  | The weighted average of the route distance minus the euclidean distance ("as the crow flies") |
| csv/pop-reached-30-min.csv   | Population percentage reached within 30 minute per transport mode |
| csv/rel-pop-fastest-mode.csv | Population percentage for who a specific mode is the fastest choice to che center. |
| shapefiles/complete-dataset  | Both GeoPackage and ESRI-Shapefile bundles with the complete route details per cell as aggregated from the collected routes |
| shapefiles/th-distance-stats | Complete dataset aggregated to show population weighted route averages when radiating out of the city center. |
